docs: update readme with figma link (#215)
nearform/optic-expo: README.md

1. `git clone https://github.com/nearform/optic-expo.git && cd optic-expo`
2. `yarn`
3. `yarn start`

## Figma Design

> The figma design can be found here: https://www.figma.com/file/weYT5rBr86ouDu3GziZGN2/Optic?node-id=9%3A0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The figma designs can be found [here](https://www.figma.com/file/weYT5rBr86ouDu3GziZGN2/Optic)
```
